So let's add our email text field here to facilitate our lives again is I'm going to create yet another
and composable here at composable.
This phone call this email.
Input such.
Our e-mail input here, I'm going to pass a few parameters.
So the first one is going to be modifier, of course, we've seen this many times this past this modifier
to say it's optional.
I have to worry about it if nothing is passed and then I'm going to pack IMO state.
Next list past IMO state, which is going to be the actual text that we added inside of this text field.
OK, which means this has to be a certain type.
It's going to be, yes, immutable state type of string.
That's what's going to be expecting.
OK, the next thing we need to pass here is going to be label ID.
There's going to be the label of our text field.
This case is going to be IMO and then I'm going to say enabled.
It's going to be a Boolean, and we're going to start off with true.
And any action going to pass in any action in this case, we just want the button at the bottom of the
keyboard to say I am action.
There's done next, default and so forth.
We just want next.
You can change that.
So we structuring our input field.
How is it going to respond?
How is it going to respond when the keyboard comes up?
All right.
So one action when something happened, we we're going to pass a keyboard.
Keyboard actions.
Such there said that two keyboard actions.
Default, such as use of default keyboard actions that the system provides.
OK, so next here, I'm actually going to call yet another composable that were constructed the actual
field.
OK.
There's a reason why we do this.
OK, so I'm going to say input field, which we haven't created.
Go ahead and create this composable.
There we go.
So this input field is going to be called inside of email input, which is going to be called somewhere
around here.
All right.
So what is that we want to happen in the cold field?
Well, the input field would probably have pretty similar values or parameters or in this case, from
our email input, right?
And extract this and say my fire again, passing my fire now to pass the value state, right?
Same thing that state we looked at earlier.
It's going to be mutable state type of string thing and then label it.
Again, it's going to be a string and enabled make it Boolean.
It's going to be and then I'm going to pass.
Another special field here is is single line because I want to make sure that text field here can allow
more than one line in case we want more information from the user.
So it's just going to be a Boolean.
And to begin with, I'm going to say true, I want this just to be one line.
OK.
Of course, the keyboard type.
Here, I'm going to want to I'm going to want actually just going to say, I want this to be a keyboard.
Text different kind of keyboards, OK, and immediate actions.
I'm going to say just one Miami action next, just like what we had before.
One Action keyboard actions.
I'm going to say keyboard actions.
I want to default.
Now here is what I'm going to actually create the text fields.
So what I want is I want to create an outline text field like that.
Now we were using white composable gives us, OK, so outline text field.
In this case, our value here, I'm going to put the value state that value right and on change.
I'm going to pass this case.
I'm going to pass a lambda and I'm going to do.
I'm going to say values state at that value.
I'm going to set that to it, which is going to be the value we're getting from our values state right.
So when things change, we are passing year these changes so we can take that change added to our value
state.
So what this is really is whatever is written inside of our text field.
All right.
So now we're constructing our outline text field through the parameters or the fields that we are passing
through this input field, which of course, is going to be passed along from our email input.
I understand there is a tree of calling different composable, but this is good because then we can
separate the concerns.
All right.
So let's continue here constructing our outline text field.
We now creating this outline there, OK for the label.
Need to pass, of course, a lambda.
It's going to be a text and I'm going to pass the label ID.
We're going to be passing down when we invoke the input field on a single line.
What do I want to happen when it goes?
Pass is single line, which is going to be the decision we have created here.
So if we say it is false, then it's going to be a single line where passive text, actually, let's
see.
Let's pass a textile for the entire field and say text style.
Yeah, I had fond.
About 18.
Let's import ASP as such.
And then to give a color, I'm going to use material.
Theme that colors and I'm going to say on background this section.
And this is going to take the color that is necessary to show this tax, depending on the background
they have set up for our application.
And next, I'm going to pass the modifier.
Just pass the bar if I were going to be passing through.
And I'm going to say dot padding.
I'm going to add it, I don't padding here.
Of about 10 dpi.
Again, this is just making this look good.
That's all we're doing here is nothing with special starch.
I'm going to keep about 10 dpi and also about 10 dpi.
Then I want to make sure that Phil Max with, OK, we're going to continue on what had enabled this
past enabled property or argument and then keyboard options option as such.
And actually, I'm going to pass inside of constructor there, the keyboard type.
It's going to be keyboard type that we are passing.
Here she is going to be just text, right?
And then the immediate action is going to be our army action we set out to be when reconstructing our
input field.
So for a keyboard action, we're just going to go ahead and pass what we saying here.
Keyboard actions default.
That can be changed, of course, but we're just going to have a default one.
So now we see our input field, which has been called inside of her email input, which is going to
be called somewhere here so we can actually show something now.
It requires all of those fields, right?
All those parameters or arguments, which is going to be the modifier we're passing along.
And then I'm going to pass the email state and say email state.
Which is going to be equal to emails, state that we're passing along here.
Values state as it's called.
There we go.
And they label it.
I'm going to say label it.
Enabled, passing enabled.
Keyboard type.
It's going to be keyboard.
Email, it's a keyboard, so email course, because this requires an email.
OK, I am actions and say I am e actions force on action.
I'm going to pass on action.
Here we go.
OK, so now we have our input field.
Now email input is going to go here to email input.
We're past the state.
The state, of course, is going to be this guy there.
Mass email.
Enabled there pass through for now will change later on action here I'm going to pass the keyboard actions
and what I want to do is always say password.
Focus request, that request focus like this.
This means when we say done or something, it's going to go ahead and focus on the next field we're
going to create, which is going to be the password.
Well, let's see if we can see something in our preview here.
All right.
You can see there is our nice preview here.
We have our email field showing.
All right.
So we're making really good progress.
And before we move forward, let me refactor some of the code here.
So we know that.
Let's see.
Right, this should be email input.
Right, there we go.
Thank you.
And of course, this would be email with Capital E like that because remember, whenever we're creating
convertibles, we need to follow this rule, which is this shows that these functions are composable
functions.
They are not just normal functions.
That's why it has to start with uppercase e.
So let's refactor a few things here, because all of these classes or all of these compose what should
say they they shouldn't just be here inside of these for either logging because we may want to use that
at some point.
Right.
So I'm going to cut all of these guys and then I'm going to go to our components like this.
I'm going to just add them there.
Okay.
So now whoever wants them can go ahead and use them going to go ahead and import loops.
Import our email input, and we should still be good.
Hopefully, I can go ahead and refresh this, see if we can still see.
Our email text field.
OK.
All is good, and we should be good for now.
So next, we're going to add the password again.
I know that this may seem cumbersome, but setting things up like this will really give us the opportunity
to extend our application and you and reuse some of these code, which is what we want to be able to
do and compose anyway.